You have been hired to design a commercial fusion plant, except that this one will be constructed in the micro-gravity environment of a high-Earth orbit, possibly L4 or L5.

This project will start entirely from the drawing board. You can pick whatever fusion approach you wish, inertial, magnetic, or even something entirely new.

This will be build amidst construction of O'Neill colonies supplied by a mass driver. There will be no close-range radiation concerns so if it's a little leaky/deadly during operation that's okay, we just feed this data into the space traffic control. Because of the large industrial scale, you will have access to a tremendous amount of materials. You can also make highly optimistic assumptions about superconducting materials.

For for that freedom, you need to pay us back with a design that is both scientifically well-founded and scales _extremely_ well. This will make use of a high-temperature radiator, and our deliverable is electricity. A lot of it. This needs to scale to support ~billion person population, although it can lead to multiple reactors. Ideally, we don't build 1,000s of reactors. Just a handful, or even 2 or 3 for redundancy, is all we need. But space industry isn't like Earth industry. It trades many material convinces of Earth for more energy-intensive processes. So you need to lay down the hammer here. Q value by itself doesn't matter tremendously. What matters is firstly scalability and a coherent fuel cycle, walls that don't melt, and power conversion that can handle it, and things like that.
